Now with our first steps taken and with some core basics out of the way which we need in any Javascript
program, before we dive deeper into more basic features and more syntax and language features you need
to know,
let's have a look at debugging your code and at ensuring that you're able to efficiently work on your
code, that you're efficiently developing because that is important. When you're writing code,
you will encounter errors and therefore in this module, we'll have a look at how you find errors, how you
fix them, which different tools you have and which different kinds of errors
you might be encountering. Now in addition to that, it's of course also important that even if you're not
facing errors, you're productive and that means that you leverage the IDE or the editor you're working
with and that you're getting a lot out of it, that you're feeling comfortable writing code with the tools
you're working with and that overall, you have a smooth workflow and you're able to progress and to write
good code
and that also includes and that's the last thing we'll also have a look at in this module,
it also includes the you're able to find help and to know resources where you can dive deeper, where
you can learn more.
So these will be the blocks we'll have a look at this module.